Milano (Seller: False): Alright.
Saurabh (Seller: True): Just give me one moment. I'm just ask my, team to join us well. Just give me one moment, please. Yeah. Hey you
Anurag (Seller: True): guys Mainly audible?
Milano (Seller: False): Alright.
Anurag (Seller: True): Hi. Sorry, got a little. I hope a video is visible as well. What's the
Milano (Seller: False): time with you guys then?
Anurag (Seller: True): It's about seven thirty right now.
Milano (Seller: False): Twenty
Anurag (Seller: True): Yes.
Milano (Seller: False): Yeah.
Anurag (Seller: True): But we work... We work in across multiple shift. So we have presence across the globe, so we have multiple teams working. But, I hope I didn't miss a lot. Did guys just arrive?
Milano (Seller: False): Just
Anurag (Seller: True): just arrive. I hope I didn't miss along.
Milano (Seller: False): Started it. Yeah.
Anurag (Seller: True): A grid. So, let's out of first with a brief round of introductions from r. And, so my name is Anu. Kumar, and I'm reading business here at Spine for, the entire Europe, Middle East. And the Asia region. So is a part of my team, he handles the Europe region... The sales part of it. And I am... I believe that you had a conversation with. In the Nada event. So, he was part of the team traveling to Us for the event. So Addressed, you know, definitely that it must have give a brief walk through of the product, and I'll be doing the same trying to understand your requirements a little bit more in depth and see what we can do for you for how we can help you. But it'll be great to first have, also round of introductions from both of you. And also to understand what what is it that you're looking for right now? Okay.
Milano (Seller: False): This is really a referral from Simon, who runs the Nxt. You've been quite keen to get your business over to the Uk. And he's probably all linked every single dealer group. Motor industry, body in the Uk. He's good advocate for you guys. I when they're walking around, He said, sign you need to have a look at this. I said, well we've already got spin car through. What was garlic at the time. We've got quite a good system with shipped because of hole three sixty in the car. Kevin next me doesn't look fetch carving. All clouds on our site here.
Anurag (Seller: True): Mh.
Milano (Seller: False): Said we need to do what they've they've got because it's quite a a clever little system, has got everything on it, which it's very little effort to do it, and I saying? Well, I'll have a look at it, and that's how this came about.
Anurag (Seller: True): That that's perfect, and then we'd love to show you that so you know, before jumping into the product walk through, just one or two questions I have. So You you mentioned spin card. So you are currently associated with Pin car in some of the other man. So there is another,
Milano (Seller: False): nothing or not parts we have a client.
Anurag (Seller: True): Okay. But you are client of spin.
Milano (Seller: False): Yes.
Anurag (Seller: True): Oh, perfect. Great. So that makes... So I was on your website as well, can you also confirm what's the website that you that you all have. We were on the website. But not we find a lot of three sixty
Milano (Seller: False): on the website. Is w w w dot motor group, dot c dot u uk. Got
Anurag (Seller: True): it. I was on the website, could not really find a lot of three sixties on the website. So And I'm missing something there. Do you have any three
Milano (Seller: False): sixties on. To do the three sixty sure Have the three sixty camera house still inside. They said it wasn't worth doing. Not enough clicks rooms for the effort of
Anurag (Seller: True): Data for me
Milano (Seller: False): sixteen. On the s of the inside.
Anurag (Seller: True): Got Makes sense perfectly. Okay. So let me just directly jump into the walk through, then to show you what the product is like. Before, just one last question, that'll help me understand the delivery better. Is what's the current process like, you know, for shooting these images and uploading it, onto your platform. Do you have someone on the ground shooting these images for you this much.
Milano (Seller: False): Your shoes you're open air. Do the take the pictures over the inside, upload it up to the app. And that's bad. It it does best itself. Links it
Anurag (Seller: True): try and
Milano (Seller: False): yeah our website is there.
Anurag (Seller: True): Perfect. And what's the app that you use for uploading these images?
Milano (Seller: False): Did first.
Anurag (Seller: True): Video first. Okay? And these are uploaded to your system directly. To your internal systems?
Milano (Seller: False): Correct.
Anurag (Seller: True): Okay. And then who who is your, you know, Dms, if you are aware of the inventory management software that you use.
Milano (Seller: False): Well, Dms, we've got our cross system. Is e. And we've got Key leaders with our manage... Our management tool. So what was Cd k?
Anurag (Seller: True): Yeah Got it. I think I lost you. So you said, Got it. Makes sense. Okay. Perfect. So let me just give you a walk through first. There is a bit of internet connectivity issue on my. I'm just removing the background so that you can see where I am right now just inside of box. Giving you a demonstration. But... Yeah. So just a bit of a internet problem on my end. Just going to share my screen now. And show you what we have to offer. Just just give me a confirmation, let me start seeing the presentation on your end. Just a sec. Okay. I hope it should be visible No. Is that is is existing invisible sort of just just let me know if this and I can move forward
Saurabh (Seller: True): That's it's
Anurag (Seller: True): good Okay. So This... What is see on the screen is basically the console. It's the web version of our platform. So as a dealer, many of the smaller dealers who process very few cars, they choose to do this manually. That click their just upload it process it, download it, use it wherever they want. So we create this Ui platform for any dealer to access all the cards, all the images, all the videos, that they have ever processed and manage it at one source. Now at spine, are multiple ways in which a dealership can send over their images for processing. Very first way is through an app. We have our spine app that's available on ios a Us add on end. Right? You can use that app to click your images, your three sixty, it's a guided shoot We click those images It's uploaded to our servers and we process it for you. Secondly of getting the input is through the console. As I said, you can come here upload your pictures get processed. And the third way, the last way to get these images is through an integration with your Dns. So we'll integrate with your systems. Will not change your processes at all. The moment you upload emails to your Dns, we'll pick it up, process it, send it back to you. So there are three ways in which you can get the input, give forward the input to us. Now let me just show you one example here. We have also, you know, taken the liberty to process some of your cards as well, sort of will be sharing that, once I'm done with this walk through of the plan. Call. But let's look at a few examples here. Now if you look at this one, this is an input that we got from which is standard input we got from one of the dealers. This is a combination of a video of the car itself. And a few images of the interior and a few miscellaneous shots. So, as a data, when you... You're processing these images. Get an option to choose a background that you want. So you... We have three choice of background, three categories of background. The first is called a turn background where you can choose a background where there's a tone table in the center. You have a showroom background, let's see if you want to give the three d showroom feeling to your, you know images, and an outdoor background as well where you can choose to show your cars in know, particular outdoor environment, which we have seen many dealers. So choose choose that, option as well. At the same time, we have number plate mask as an option where you can mask number plates, put in your Logo or you can just blur it out if you want to. So this is another customization that you get. Now, as you see, we have the exterior three sixty video as an input. The dealership, it's a little buggy, my, so it will be a little slower on your end. But, again, it's a very smooth three sixteen input that the dealer has saving me. And the images. Now if you see there are no exterior shots, no exterior images that the dealership are has given it to us. What I'll do process? Processing would take somewhere about a few seconds. But depends on the load that we get, a number of vehicles that you send us. We can deliver every vehicle with twenty thirty images in every, about ten minutes so so. So that's the output time, but processing takes about five, six seconds. And if there is a lighter load, the output will be faster you. Now if you look at the output that we have generated here, this is... This was the input, which is shot in a parking lot. So they are obviously background disturbances. You choose your background, and this is what you get in return. It's a very straightforward process, not a lot to do from your end. And if you look at what we're are doing with this we are picking this car, putting in the studio, and we're adding this reflections hard and short shadows on the bottom of... On the flooring itself, making it a natural appeal to the images. If you also look at these Windows. I'll just slide it for you. If you look at this Windows, also processing the see throughs for you. So if I process this, this is the output that you get. So this one the exterior very natural looking, look... Let's look at the interiors as well. Whatever background that you choose, we will be matching your interiors with that particular background. So let's see if your background has maybe some elements on the wall, maybe a Led lighting on the wall. This background, this processing will have those Led elements or those designs on the wall itself, making it feel like. It's an interior shot in the studio itself So this is the image product of ours. Since we are looking at these images, I'll show what we can do for three sixty as well. So fill all these images from the video. As you saw, we did not have the exterior shots, we generated those exterior shots right from the video itself. And what we do is we pick up about thirty to seventy such images. Process them, combine them and create a three sixty for you. Okay. So this is the type of three sixty that you get with spine, very smooth very easy to use and go directly on your website. Integrations. So these are the two core products we have We also have a video product as well, you know, that's something that'll I'll show you post this. But any any feedback as of now that you have on these two products.
Milano (Seller: False): Hello think.
Anurag (Seller: True): Perfect. So this... These are the two products. Let me also show the video as well since not any questions on these two. So video do, for what we need guys is the unique identification number of the card, which is the V, Vin number. If you give us a vin number, we'll get all the information about the car that the manufacturer you may provide any additional information such as the current mileage. You know, any financing options, the pricing, we, get it from your internal systems, or we give you that option to enter it on the system itself. And using that, we create these walk videos. Now you can choose from a bunch of templates that we have. We have several templates and they're open to creating new templates for you based on any color theme that you have for your website. And these videos are highly customizable with different choice of voice overs, language, background music, and the content itself in different languages. Let me show this one to you Anu
Saurabh (Seller: True): don't know if there's no audio in this. If you can just res it
Anurag (Seller: True): Okay. I... Let me just share my screen. Just give me a sec. So, I hope it's visible now. I'll I'll try to replay this.
Milano (Seller: False): Yeah.
Anurag (Seller: True): Is it audible This time? A vehicle that excels in durability, innovative engineering, and premium build quality, it has been driven for forty three thousand kilometers and features a robust petrol engine with an automatic trend. Take a look at the vehicle from various perspectives. Now let's explore its exterior features. A car is equipped with stylish alloy wheels that are both durable and high performing. Business just a sample. Obviously obviously, it's this this one is about ninety seconds long. You can choose to have it for twenty seconds for a real format, on a part, in a about portrait, hold or in a landscape mode for your website for Youtube. So, all these customization options are available on the video as well. So these are the three product guys, we have the images we have three sixty, and we have the videos. We'd love to, you know,
Milano (Seller: False): robbie
Saurabh (Seller: True): Anu, we lost you actually.
Anurag (Seller: True): I guess, am my audible? Sort of yep. Perfect. Yeah. Sort of I think you can also sue the output that we have generated, from some of the inputs on the website. Just give us a few seconds.
Saurabh (Seller: True): Yeah. So, guys, what we have Done, know? I just picked one sample from your website itself So this was a car, I mean, Know, we just had up. As an example. So we need at least eight exterior, you know, images of a car. From that, you know, if you think you don't have that bandwidth or something, you know, to shoot a workaround video of a car. But you can, at least click the images. So this is the out you know, we can generate it for you. Definitely, you know, the frames that you can see. So it's a we speech the Ai speech the, you know, all of the images. It's not that kind of smooth, like, as an, when you shoot the, you know, video, but, yeah, we... You know, the Ai is able to at least make a three sixty out of the images. Just to... I mean, save your time or something. So, yeah, we can create this kind of output for you.
Anurag (Seller: True): So this is... This... If you also click on gallery, sort of on the bottom. Right? Yeah. This is... So these are the outputs that you can from the eighty images that well, we have on your website. So these are individual outputs. And we just merge them out, create that three sixty admin. So the input that you gave us was a combination of video and a few inter... In interior shots. But even if give us some exterior shots and interior shots, just images will create this as sixty three. Has that's the problem.
Saurabh (Seller: True): In
Anurag (Seller: True): a
Saurabh (Seller: True): Also, when it comes to three sixty, you know, we have I mean, anu rock definitely, Have I've shown you. But, yeah, this is something, you know, I would like to show you about the hot. This is, again, I mean, again, this car was showed you outside, if you can see, it was been into a yard or something the car was short. And this is the. You know, we were able to generate on this can see, you know the windows was loop open over. So still, the Ai is able to catch this kind of thing. Because the Ai is trending that way. But moreover, we have hot feature So hotspot is something, you know the Ai detects the feature of the car. Yeah. So that's one thing. If in case, there's a dent on the car. Let's say there was a dent, So manually, you can add the dent as well. So, I mean, the logo will be, I mean, it will be in an orange or something format. So we can do that. So that's all about, you know, the three sixty of the car. Not just that, if you wish to, you know, have an interior of the car. So this is the interior would look like. But for interior, there's a, requirement of and recruit Camera. It's a hardware that we would, like you to have. So, you know, This is the output be able to generate. The client can interact with this. This is not something, you know, auto rotating or something. He can... The client can interact, however, they want to. They can you know Zoom in Zoom out if they want to see something.
Milano (Seller: False): We got that. What did not enough the cameras not The camera stopped working anyway. Yeah. Said not my people. Look at the news to make buffalo was interesting. So how you? So how is it the setup up then? See if I set you today, We're interested might that. Let's just jump over. How much does it cost? Now.
Anurag (Seller: True): Well, it depends on the volume that you have in my So our costing is a volume based pricing. So for larger volumes, you know, the pricing props, but for lower volumes pricing. Is that certain rates. So what's the volume that you have in mind for these products?
Milano (Seller: False): Because was eighty. Eighty charles. Eighty cars my my.
Anurag (Seller: True): Okay. Eighty hours per month. So is it the volume that will be processing every month?
Milano (Seller: False): I will probably sell between fourteen fifteen a month. A
Anurag (Seller: True): forty fifty a month. So the the recurring volume you. So it's a one time cost of, let's say, thirty cars, let them plus a monthly cost of about forty cars. Okay. So that will ensure that your first lot is forty plus thirty seventy. And then every month you have a recurring cycle of forty hours per. So for a volume of forty cars per, we have a, you know, product be each product priced So for forty cars per month, the pricing there would be about somewhere about three pounds per product
Milano (Seller: False): Right.
Anurag (Seller: True): You images and the three sixty for example, get an additional discount of ten percent. You go for all three products, you'll get an additional discount of twenty And
Milano (Seller: False): that's your whole package is three pounds. Yeah? Now.
Anurag (Seller: True): Yeah. Just each of the product is three pounds per car.
Milano (Seller: False): Each product three pounds are handy products are each car then.
Anurag (Seller: True): We have three we have three products. We have the image product that will give you those image outputs. We have the three
Milano (Seller: False): sixty product
Anurag (Seller: True): address.
Milano (Seller: False): It says nine pounds.
Anurag (Seller: True): If you go for all three, you have nine pounds whether a sound of twenty percent. So that would come down to about seven pounds, seven point two pounds. So
Milano (Seller: False): that seven has rules for your product. Yeah? Yes.
Anurag (Seller: True): If you go for all three for all the
Milano (Seller: False): details. Seven times as well. Forty or is seventy eighty.
Anurag (Seller: True): Yep. Sorry. For for forty cars per. Yep. That's
Milano (Seller: False): number eighty five ac cars.
Anurag (Seller: True): So that will process for even... So it's a one time cost for your current stock. That will be processing. So you give us the current images, we'll process them for you. And that cost would be somewhere about two pounds for your current stock.
Milano (Seller: False): If I got eighty cards, which I want our on your system, the dual screen products Yeah. I'm talking, he went from nine to seven pounds. Yeah. So
Anurag (Seller: True): yes Seven pounds per guard. Yeah. Tell
Milano (Seller: False): miss white. Seven times eighty. Five hundred and sixty pounds a month. Yeah.
Anurag (Seller: True): So, again, for that, what I'm saying is see. You have a current stock of seventy. Okay? Next month you would be selling forty and adding forty more. So your actual volume per is forty and not seventy. What we done
Milano (Seller: False): with
Anurag (Seller: True): go one
Milano (Seller: False): processing. We'll
Anurag (Seller: True): do a one time processing of your next.
Milano (Seller: False): Nicely. Let's eight twelve. Craig three sixty. What I have to look at?
Anurag (Seller: True): Yeah.
Milano (Seller: False): Is I'll you you and your product and send me any more cars and what I already just what I already date? Because what I did now... My website, make the maybe two three cars aren't post cars not arrived yet, But we take pictures of all angles workers. And we because he's how many problems with it. Why your products to sell me more cars?
Anurag (Seller: True): Multiple answers to that question is there are different ways in which we benefit by, you know, having a most team in, let me you know, touch each of these points. So one question that I have for you before I answer that question is, where are you listing your costs other than your website? Is it on auto data and other marketplaces? If I'm right?
Milano (Seller: False): Also try to call out every
Anurag (Seller: True): exactly. So anyone searching for any car, for example, if I'm searching for any particular car on auto, And I have a list of Let's say, twenty results out there. The very first thing that stands out is a very streamlined clean inventory. The list of images that I have on the website, There's a first benefit that you get, which leads to more inquiries from that marketplace. Second benefit that you get here is, there is a recap brand recall value whenever someone sees that inventory on the website. So let's say that it's your logo on the background. And someone sees your logo in the list of twenty results for that particular account. Your brand is in the call for that But
Milano (Seller: False): now I've I've got that already.
Anurag (Seller: True): But do you have the backgrounds? You don't have a logo on your backlog right now? It
Milano (Seller: False): does say sporty from the background. Isn't it? Not down to park It there's nothing down there is a No. But we're on our app, but if they're on our website, they know a car from school sees. They don't.
Anurag (Seller: True): When they are running new website So proceed. The goal of this this sort of a product is basically to lead to more inquiries on our website. Okay. So let's say, I am a user, and I am searching for a car on auto trader. And I said twenty items. How do I ensure? That I would land on your website and not let's say someone else's says.
Milano (Seller: False): It's what. I think at the moment, you deal with one of the... You deal with in Big motion world already. Yeah.
Anurag (Seller: True): Yeah. Yeah. They very recently signed up with us about about two three on start. We are setting up the integrations and everything. Okay. We are also partners with car sites who are aware of another marketplace. So
Milano (Seller: False): I know being mentioned quite well. So Initial contact that they mentioned well
Anurag (Seller: True): sobbing? Who
Milano (Seller: False): the one that. He he deal with a big matching wild.
Anurag (Seller: True): I'll... I need to check right now who is handling the account. Just give me a sec. I'll let you know. Who would you want to take a reference from them?
Milano (Seller: False): Okay. Yeah.
Anurag (Seller: True): And I'll send the reference, There someone from the Cs must have changed the Poc. Because they do press about four stack. For payment Oh,
Milano (Seller: False): listen. I'm interested in your products. I'm gonna go happen to b and being Wells. Website, see what doesn't hide from our point view. Okay. The price at the is quite p.
Anurag (Seller: True): Okay. What what what do you have in your mind when it comes to So to answer that question, you know, to even give you a better pricing. You said you have about forty recurring every month with the current stock of seventy. Okay? So do you want to launch all the three products or do you have just one product in mind right now? If
Milano (Seller: False): I'm gonna do it, I want to get every single exposure at best potential to sell cars
Anurag (Seller: True): Okay. So if you go for all three, I can, look at, you know, dropping the price even further because you're going for package of three for the entire stock of forty. We can reduce the pricing even further, maybe add another ten twenty percent just discount there with some of the other offers we are available. Are you open to signing a you know, one year long contract with the lock in. In that case, I have a lot of flexibility to do that.
Milano (Seller: False): Yeah. And get sent free. Call your details email me I think we need to understand is that Although I've got one side, I could potentially get even to we are a business we've got ten other Sac and X as well. Not only that. Simon through the n fda your Station, the Uk, it will be with every single deal breaking and and dealer. I'm chairman for europe. K? Yeah. So you can schedule may whatever. The next of morning's links out. So I vice Chairman Ci, and I'm Chairman of European council. So. I met with a lot of people. Was in Na as far as that. So if I use something, and I have a product, send for Yeah. Slow gonna do some research guys. I'm gonna have look at your platform or big motion world. Yes. If I'm gonna call, I'll call you back whatever deal and put them in place on a year contract. Okay?
Anurag (Seller: True): Okay. That that makes sense. One thing I would also request
Milano (Seller: False): yes. Chelsea I got from Na.
Saurabh (Seller: True): Yep.
Anurag (Seller: True): Yeah. Alright.
Milano (Seller: False): The. Side leave it with me. Okay? Yeah.
Anurag (Seller: True): Perfect. Just one more thing I wanted to add before we, you know, wrap up. So bit motor model is a very new client. The volume of a cards that they have is about seven thousand plus sign on
Milano (Seller: False): their
Anurag (Seller: True): website. Now so that huge, there is a long of and setup up that happens for such an account because you ensure a streamline streamlined flow for such high volumes, which includes your servers and a lot of other processing in place. I'm telling you this because Our stock is not yet live on week... Monitoring all with the processing. It will
Milano (Seller: False): will live. You're you're live within the Uk.
Anurag (Seller: True): I'm just doing the car says another the marketplace, selling about fifteen hundred plus cars. You,
Milano (Seller: False): the
Anurag (Seller: True): middle
Milano (Seller: False): how carriage are you live within the Uk at the moment?
Anurag (Seller: True): We are we live with Cars, I'm showing on the website. Yeah. In
Milano (Seller: False): my home,
Anurag (Seller: True): In casa, is that a?
Milano (Seller: False): No concept. Okay. Yeah.
Anurag (Seller: True): Yes Uk. We have multiple clients in the Uk but car size among the larger ones that can give you the extent of this process that we have developed for
Milano (Seller: False): that And then and then I'll be in contact. It's gonna be probably Monday. I'll speak to you. Okay?
Anurag (Seller: True): That that's totally fine. That's. Ma'am. I'm really sorry to just ask one very basic question. I did not... I think I catch your name initially. I did catch kevin's name. I'll just moment
Milano (Seller: False): have Okay.
Anurag (Seller: True): Perfect. Perfect. Alright,
Milano (Seller: False): Get. Thank you. Thank you.
Saurabh (Seller: True): Thank you, you guys. Of the bank.